after taking a few months off I've
decided to get back into video making a
bit the only problem is most of my
regular actors of them moved on to other
things or just plain hate working for me
now so what better way to find some new
actors then to hold my own reality TV
show now I know what you're saying this
is just a cheap ripoff of bum bums game
show but I tell you unlike his video
this is an unscripted competition with
no predetermined winners which actually
sets it apart from most reality TV game
shows the rules of this game are simple
follow my directions complete the
challenges and prove yourself to be the
best actor available challenge number
one be online Dan in my clan chat at a
time when i'm actually not busy with
life of course since this is late night
pacific time zone I've already
eliminated most of Europe and half of
North America those that happen to be on
move on to challenge number two
challenge number two follow costume
instructions and location directions the
first 15 people to show up in the
correct location with the proper attire
move on to challenge number three for
this challenge we had contestants dress
up in a soda ash athletes top Deathwing
black mining shorts leather gloves and
leather boots once dress contestants
needed to meet me behind the lumbridge
castle of course before I can even get
the camera up and running one contestant
Miko Nico had already showed up wearing
everything needed even more impressive
he managed to show up a full minute
before people who weren't even dressed
started showing up one by one
contestants slowly arrived until
eventually everyone figured out i meant
behind the castle fence and not the
castle itself with the onrush of people
15 people were quickly identified and we
moved on to challenge number three
shells 3 was simple a game of Excel says
I say something they had to do it but
only if I said Excel says first
right off the bat I told people to take
a step forward a managed to eliminate a
third of the competition Excel says jump
was the next command which all but one
dancer was able to complete next was the
spinny moat which eventually everyone is
able to complete
this was followed up by request to type
hello world to which all but one loose
finger contestant was able to complete
the wave emote was an ex request the
only problem was Excel didn't say that
eliminated two of the contestants plus a
third who tried to convert least a in
the game unfortunately for him he fell
victim to the next request where I
didn't say Excel says that left her five
finalists who would move on to the final
round Miko Nico lumpy number or zoo
Cooper dude happy summer and dead fly
the good news for these finalists they
would all be credited in a part of an
excel video the bad news for them it was
this video the fourth chance consisted
of doing only one simple request at the
call of go that would run for two spaces
nod step back a space cheer run for two
more spaces yell for Sparta and then run
to an imaginary finish line first one
across wins and we become a part of my
acting team right from the start then
fly immediately peeled out and crashing
a party spectator happy summer tripped
over the order of commands and then
flung himself in the crowd in despair
niconico ran a flawless race executing
with perfection and crossed the finish
line in first decent later lumbia
Earth's crust and second and third
thanks to the winner myko Nico who now
joins my acting team with a flawless
wire-to-wire victory Mika now moves on
to the fifth and toughest challenge yet
not bugging me with too many private
messages
you